@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher_round.xml
alpha;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
android.support.constraint.ConstraintLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\arscene.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.widget.LinearLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\layout\__arcore_education.xml
attr;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
attr;obj\Debug\90\res\values\attrs.xml
background;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher.xml
background;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher_round.xml
Button;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\layout\timeslider.xml
Button;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\layout\__arcore_education.xml
Button;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\arscene.xml
Button;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\login.xml
C_Sharp_AR_Geo_App.JoystickSeekBar;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\arscene.xml
cache-path;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\52\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;obj\Debug\90\res\values\colors.xml
color;obj\Debug\90\res\values\ic_launcher_background.xml
com.google.ar.sceneform.ArSceneView;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\19\jl\res\layout\sceneform_ux_fragment_layout.xml
com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.HandMotionView;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\19\jl\res\layout\sceneform_plane_discovery_layout.xml
corners;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\thumb.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
declare-styleable;obj\Debug\90\res\values\attrs.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-af\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-am\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ar-rEG\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ar-rSA\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-az\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-b+es+419\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-b+sr+Latn\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-be\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-bg\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-bn\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-bs\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ca\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-cs\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-da\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-de\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-de-rAT\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-de-rCH\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-el\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rAU\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rCA\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rGB\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rIE\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rSG\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rXC\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rZA\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rAR\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rBO\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rCL\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rCO\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rCR\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rDO\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rEC\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rGT\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rHN\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rMX\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rNI\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPA\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPE\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPR\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPY\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rSV\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rUS\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rUY\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rVE\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-et\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-eu\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fa\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fi\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fil\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fr\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fr-rCA\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fr-rCH\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-gl\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-gsw\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-gu\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-he\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hi\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hr\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hu\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hy\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-id\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-in\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-is\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-it\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-iw\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ja\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ka\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-kk\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-km\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-kn\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ko\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ky\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-lo\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-lt\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-lv\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-mk\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ml\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-mn\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-mo\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ms\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-my\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-nb\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ne\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-nl\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-no\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pa\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pl\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pt\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pt-rBR\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pt-rPT\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ro\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ru\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-si\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sk\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sl\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sq\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sr\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sv\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sw\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ta\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-te\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-th\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-tl\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-tr\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-uk\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ur\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-uz\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-vi\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh-rCN\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh-rHK\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh-rTW\values.xml
eat-comment;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zu\values.xml
EditText;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\login.xml
Esri.ArcGISRuntime.ARToolkit.ARSceneView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\arscene.xml
Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit.Primitives.Tickbar;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\layout\timeslider.xml
external-cache-path;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\52\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\52\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\ic_launcher_round.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\19\jl\res\layout\sceneform_plane_discovery_layout.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\19\jl\res\layout\sceneform_ux_fragment_layout.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
group;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\pausefill.xml
group;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\pauseoutline.xml
ImageView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\login.xml
item;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\nextpreviousbutton.xml
item;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\playpausebutton.xml
item;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\values\styles.xml
item;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\layout\__arcore_education.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\login.xml
merge;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\layout\timeslider.xml
path;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\nextpreviousfill.xml
path;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\nextpreviousoutline.xml
path;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\pausefill.xml
path;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\pauseoutline.xml
path;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\trianglefill.xml
path;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\triangleoutline.xml
paths;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\52\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\0\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\17\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\19\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\values\styles.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-af\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-am\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ar-rEG\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ar-rSA\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-az\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-b+es+419\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-b+sr+Latn\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-be\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-bg\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-bn\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-bs\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ca\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-cs\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-da\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-de\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-de-rAT\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-de-rCH\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-el\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rAU\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rCA\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rGB\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rIE\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rSG\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rXC\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rZA\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rAR\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rBO\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rCL\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rCO\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rCR\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rDO\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rEC\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rGT\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rHN\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rMX\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rNI\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPA\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPE\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPR\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPY\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rSV\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rUS\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rUY\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rVE\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-et\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-eu\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fa\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fi\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fil\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fr\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fr-rCA\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fr-rCH\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-gl\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-gsw\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-gu\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-he\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hi\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hr\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hu\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hy\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-id\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-in\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-is\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-it\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-iw\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ja\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ka\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-kk\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-km\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-kn\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ko\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ky\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-lo\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-lt\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-lv\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-mk\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ml\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-mn\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-mo\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ms\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-my\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-nb\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ne\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-nl\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-no\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pa\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pl\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pt\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pt-rBR\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pt-rPT\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ro\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ru\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-si\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sk\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sl\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sq\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sr\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sv\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sw\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ta\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-te\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-th\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-tl\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-tr\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-uk\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ur\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-uz\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-vi\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh-rCN\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh-rHK\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh-rTW\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zu\values.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\ic_launcher_background.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\strings.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
selector;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\nextpreviousbutton.xml
selector;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\playpausebutton.xml
set;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
shape;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\thumb.xml
solid;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\thumb.xml
Space;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\layout\timeslider.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\17\jl\res\values\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-af\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-am\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ar-rEG\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ar-rSA\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-az\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-b+es+419\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-b+sr+Latn\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-be\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-bg\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-bn\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-bs\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ca\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-cs\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-da\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-de\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-de-rAT\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-de-rCH\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-el\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rAU\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rCA\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rGB\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rIE\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rSG\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rXC\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-en-rZA\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rAR\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rBO\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rCL\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rCO\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rCR\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rDO\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rEC\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rGT\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rHN\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rMX\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rNI\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPA\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPE\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPR\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rPY\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rSV\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rUS\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rUY\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-es-rVE\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-et\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-eu\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fa\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fi\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fil\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fr\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fr-rCA\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-fr-rCH\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-gl\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-gsw\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-gu\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-he\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hi\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hr\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hu\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-hy\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-id\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-in\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-is\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-it\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-iw\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ja\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ka\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-kk\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-km\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-kn\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ko\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ky\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-lo\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-lt\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-lv\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-mk\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ml\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-mn\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-mo\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ms\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-my\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-nb\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ne\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-nl\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-no\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pa\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pl\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pt\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pt-rBR\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-pt-rPT\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ro\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ru\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-si\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sk\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sl\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sq\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sr\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sv\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-sw\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ta\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-te\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-th\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-tl\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-tr\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-uk\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-ur\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-uz\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-vi\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh-rCN\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh-rHK\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zh-rTW\values.xml
string;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\values-zu\values.xml
string;obj\Debug\90\res\values\strings.xml
stroke;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\thumb.xml
style;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\values\styles.xml
style;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
TableLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\arscene.xml
TableRow;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\arscene.xml
TextView;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\layout\timeslider.xml
TextView;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\55\jl\res\layout\__arcore_education.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\arscene.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\login.xml
ToggleButton;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\layout\timeslider.xml
translate;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
vector;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\nextpreviousfill.xml
vector;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\nextpreviousoutline.xml
vector;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\pausefill.xml
vector;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\pauseoutline.xml
vector;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\trianglefill.xml
vector;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\drawable\triangleoutline.xml
View;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\layout\timeslider.xml
xamarin.forms.platform.android.appcompat.FormsViewPager;C:\Users\grant\OneDrive\Documents\Programming_Projects\C Sharp AR Geo App\C Sharp AR Geo App\obj\Debug\90\lp\53\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
